I'd most wanted to talk to you because
your record indicated you never went
along with the official version I've
been hoping you provide a missing piece
young lady
my whole brains bunch of missing pieces
hey guys Ryan and Greg back breaking
down another episode of true detective
season 3 this is episode 7 already the
final country again spoiler alert if you
haven't watched this episode yet get out
of here go watch it and come on back
it's really good make sure you subscribe
to visit one more episode left until the
end of season 3 so this episode starts
off in a different timeline than what
we've seen so far we don't know what
year sometime between I would say 2000
and 2010 maybe Wayne's got the great
little going on but we see his daughter
right for the first time since she was
really young what do we take out of that
though that scene we still really don't
know what happened in the interim right
ya know what how their relationship
might have fallen apart or something
really horrible happened to her but or
if it's just a completely fabrication
fabrication and made up in his mind well
you got my number since that was too
so we feared this we kind of knew this
was coming from last episode the
cliffhanger that we left on Tom Purcell
was killed and they made it look like it
was a suicide
yeah but the gun right next to him -
like that and all the typed out note
type down note I'm so sorry okay at that
point you would think that purple and
rolling would think okay something's up
here but at the same time so many
emotions are going through their head
you can see how they were just like I'm
done I'm over it yeah the case is over
again Roland is extremely ridden with
guilt from this this whole thing that
happened you know he he kind of took Tom
under his wing kind of protected him
mm-hmm and as soon as it happens he kind
of puts it on himself and Wayne Wayne
deals with a little bit easier they're
obviously two different like men they
deal with emotional differently and they
there we see that a few times this
episode where Wayne you know kind of
like I'm sorry I didn't realize that you
weren't the same as me that were totally
different yeah
Roland takes it really hard so it's
totally heartbreaking for Roland when he
knows that Tom is no longer with us
we did that drove me to it
we nitpicked this last week about Amelia
and whether or not she's gonna say
anything about the one-eyed man so she
immediately tells the judge what
happened so she did it she did her job
she told the police technically this is
what happened so that's out of the way
now so we can go start looking at Wayne
again and think why why wasn't this in
the book exactly why didn't anyone bring
this up again but we're gonna talk about
that a little bit later probably why
that happened but we now know Amelia did
confirm that she saw a one-eyed black
man he came and talked to her during her
book signing significantly she told yes
a second we came home so I'll come
immediately because this is a pretty big
bombshell now for the Hoyts getting rid
of Purcell obviously completely deaded
the investigation the second time around
two times in this investigation has been
opened it's been killed by just a murder
a murder that kind of wipes out any of
the evidence or any of the loose ends so
to speak dead men tell no tales exactly
so if you were in the broader scope when
you're looking back in 2015 you know
this looks like the perfect
way to cover up the conspiracy that's
going on who wasn't I'm don't what are
we got you want to go back looking for
anyone ID black man in Arkansas for what
because your wife saw one and again in
this episode were reminded that Wayne
considers work as a way to escape life
his normal life you know it's it's it's
can totally consumes him and there's a
little bit of butting heads between him
and rolling rolling when it comes to
this case someone's like drop it yeah
that's it it's over
he's like defeated of his friends he
feels completely defeated and at that
same moment he knows that there's
probably nothing they can do regardless
if they find more clues at this point in
the investigation
and the waiting just wants an excuse to
not go home he just wants to keep on
working and keep on finding things that
they you know following small leads that
he 10 and Roland's like come on man
just just give it up already back to
Amelia she talks to Lucy's best friend
that since the first episode everyone's
thinking is did she have something to do
with this and that's what the way that
director that first episode is is really
well done what it looks like everyone
could be a suspect
yes so the payoff for her for this
character may just be that photo photo
she gives some but I I still feel like
maybe there's something else going on
here especially the the whole the way
that room was situated the a little
order yeah the whole order stuff I got
vibes of season one honestly in her room
and all the things she's working on in
there right so yeah it could be a clue
for this might have she might have had
something to do with Mike's murder or
she at least knows about it or you know
I think she knows more and there's more
than she's letting on yeah copy I could
bring it right back to you I would grab
a bit
now the photo in question is obviously
of Halloween night and you can see the
directors who ever staged the photo they
made sure they show their hands locate
ones black ones white right and they're
in the ghosts they're in the ghost
outfits and see the kids
trick-or-treating you know it's a little
bit more evidence that kind of places
the two people there at the same time
but I thought I thought it was very
significant the conversation between
these Familia and
the neighbor was when she said you know
do you are gonna leave town are you
thinking about leaving and she's like
why would I why would I
someone has to remember this someone has
to tell their story someone has to like
be here for it because she really has I
thought about it like this woman I don't
know what her connection is to the city
doesn't seem like to the town I don't
think she has any kids in the area she
doesn't have any family who seems like
she's just there by herself but it's
become you know this is home for her
regardless now back to Dan O'Brien for a
second he's flown the coop apparently or
looks like yeah it looks like it looks
like Hoyt and or somebody might have
dumped another body somewhere else
totally at the same time though I'm just
gonna put that question out there do you
think the Hoyts got rid of Dan O'Brien
or something else happening here with
the actual death of Dan O'Brien that we
don't know about yet I I think that
immediately thought that the heights got
to him just because they were ready for
Tom to come to their to come to the
house they were almost planning for this
they might have even you know motivated
Dan to kind of get Tom kinda to come out
of out of hiding and do this and then
they would immediately then tie up their
other loose end which was Dan O'Brien
and shut him up because obviously has a
problem with drugs and you really can't
trust him for holding anything any
secrets so I immediately thought and
once we find out later just the power
and influence and the resources that the
Holy Family has that it would be easy
for them to kill two men in a town
regardless of who's watching we [ __ ]
lost or burned
also we got this very heartfelt scene in
the 80s with Amelia and Wayne which he's
trying to explain to him about her book
and are you sure you want me to do this
because he could hurt your job and so
now this kind of gives us confirmation
of what exactly happened what went down
and how he got his desk job is he told
her straight up no he'll tell the story
how it is someone's gonna do anything
someone's gotta do it
this one scene show that well Amelia she
gave him every shot out of this he's
like are you sure right are you sure
that's what stood out to me too it was
the fact that like we've never seen this
supportive side of Wayne when it comes
to the book every other time we he
brings with a book it's it's it's a
thing of argument between those two and
he kind of is not really proud of it
but you know at this point in his life
when she was just getting getting
motivated to do it he was like go for it
like we need we need as much truth out
there as we can get these groups they
take Runaways kids and orphanages
outright kidnapping and wider
investigations are consistently
curtailed in both the Louisiana and
Nebraska cases high level politicians
and businessmen were implicated people
with the power to make these things go
away now 2015 Eliza
asked Wayne about some of the specifics
in the case this time she asks about the
black man with the bad eye with the
white eye and she says did you know
anything about that and he says you know
we need reaction but we know that Amelia
and told him about it yes so whether
it's a do we know if it's something that
he forgot or is he just playing his
cards close to his vest and doesn't want
to say anything one part he's like oh no
I don't know you feel like okay he knows
everything right but then immediately he
goes to Roman and says write that down
write that down where are we going here
it's kind of a mix between the two of
them you're like okay does he know
everything he's playlist boy with her
yeah cuz at first you think okay when
she brings up the conspiracy she's
bringing up all these things and Wayne's
like okay okay I felt like he's trying
to get her yeah to put the pieces
together herself I don't know I was
never confirmed that he got the name
right so the new information would be
the name he knew about the black guy
with with the bad eye that
and talked about numerous times before
as a suspect or a you know as a person a
person of interest
this means that happen they didn't they
never got a much they didn't solve that
much they never got the name they never
ID'd him after after he approached
Amelia at the book scient at the book
science so this destroys the theory that
he may have figured it all out he and
then he just decided all right I'm gonna
back away from this unless of course
that he's gotten so sick that he
legitimately has forgotten and that's
what I want he so that's what I think
what happened with rolling words like
right down that name wats right in this
episode we also get the awesome Easter
egg tie-in between seasons one in
seasons three so it's all in the same
universe pedophile ring right I'm having
in Louisiana and we're over at Arkansas
this season but we know that those those
timelines kind of overlap yes so I
wonder are they gonna try to fill that
in with the end of this season who knows
I feel like are we still looking at just
an Easter egg here I think it's a I
think it's nothing more than just an
Easter egg it's it's it's you know it's
similar themes and things that are going
around in different regions regions of
the United States but I don't think that
there's any big bad you know that's
overlooking both of these things I'll
throw this out there to you then do you
think there's actually a pedophile ring
going on here do you think it's one
situation and everything's getting blown
out of proportion because Harris laughs
at that he the second they bring that up
about the kids well the one we think the
the one thing that leads me to believe
that there is some nefarious horrible
disgusting group of powerful people that
are doing this is what the what the
young adults and kids how they talk
about the area and in the region and and
what goes on to those that are in less
fortunate situations and kind of on the
fringe of society we talked about this
last week you know that they're taken
advantage of by people that have the
money the power the political influence
to do horrible and horrific things to
them you wanna write a book
right about what happens to kids out
here what happens to girls
Amelia's back out on the investigation
she takes the kids with her this time a
bar another example of Wayne being too
serious about work and not being home
not even the kids yep yep and she finds
out that okay so there was a guy one
black guy when I watts he wasn't there
to talk to Lucy he was there for Dan
O'Brien right so again it's I feel like
Dan O'Brien might have been the key here
to get all this started this ball
rolling of whatever happened to the kids
yeah he was maybe running in the same
circles as certain people that had the
opportunity that 90 right this all comes
down to a few extra bills here and there
and the kids were always a part of this
as well so yeah it all seems that like
Dan was the conduit for all these
different circles of people to kind of
connect with each other and all for some
money yeah
to do horrible things with with kids
probably convinced Lucy to do this and
that's probably who Lucy was talking to
on the phone right before Amelia knocked
on her door a few episodes back the
Breitling [ __ ] you hear me
that's probably who she was talking to
total y'all gone wrong I feel like she
thought this was just gonna be a quick
and easy just donate the children to
whatever they're doing some scam they
had and it ended poorly as you would
think it would we're talking like this
and speaking of children during this
whole time Amelia kind of panics and
freaks out when she sees the kids no
longer in the car they could just fallen
asleep just like that when Wayne freaked
out at the supermarket same thing all
over again yeah and then I think it goes
with the theme that's been proven
throughout this season of the paranoia
and the the panic that was kind of
widespread during this time and certain
with adults and and their kids and what
they're watching what they're doing who
they're talking to so for a second there
I actually thought that they were gone
like the Hoyts took him I thought that
like yeah that someone was watching her
investigate and talk to people talk to
people that she wasn't supposed to be
talking to and I thought that they took
the kids and I was my heart my heart
legs dropped for a second there now
let's talk about Harris James right now
let's finish off this segment on Harris
James because the
segment where there are dragging behind
him that score is awesome yeah
so Harris knows he's flat he knows it so
he's looking out the window and [ __ ] he
knows there's nothing you can do what's
he gonna do he's not doing anything
exist driving late at night and and like
yeah it's not it's not a good situation
over for him he knows it's like I'm not
gonna snitch and I'm done I need you to
step out of the car sir and now we can
confirm that this whole thing that yes
it was Wayne and rollin
that took out Harris James yeah they
shot him too at first I thought it was
just rolling yeah but no they both shot
him and somehow they were just dealing
with the guilt yeah what happened a
couple things here
you know Harris James I I honestly
thought that he was hurt like internally
that he was not faking it but it turns
out he's faking it and that he tried to
attack and kill Wayne so you got to
defend yourself in that situation I mean
obviously they shouldn't take justice in
their own hands but this is their only
way they're only absolute only way to
get information out of him they failed
again they failed together now though
they don't have that information but we
do know why these two had a falling out
now in 2015 we got grumpy old men
detectives they are breaking down the
case still working the case they talked
to the former Hoyt kitchen maid who
tells us the story describes the scene
over at the Hoyt mint a mansion that it
was there's a division of labor division
of almost everything yeah and she brings
up another black guy with one eye mr.
Jim mr. Jim
mr. June okay all right and we had
wisely of July we had that earlier okay
so it's starting to come together here
the big thing that happened here is miss
Isabel they talked about specifically
again what happened to her her family
her husband and child died in a car
accident yeah she's starting to lose it
and right around 1980 just after
actually in 1981 right after the
kidnapping all the house maids everyone
they are not allowed on certain parts of
the Hoyt property anymore right
specially the basement where there is a
huge security system
lock and yeah yeah so certain people are
not allowed in certain areas very
hush-hush she played it off like Miss
Isabel was getting sick and getting
worse and but it it seems like probably
a lot more nefarious yeah they're hiding
something a person a person in a pink
room underground in the basement so we
gotta find a little more evidence that
that this stuff was actually going on
there's also a very touching moment
between Wayne and Roland in 2015 where
Wayne just comes out and apologizes for
you know the situation that he put them
in yeah
and the way I interpreted that was that
it was obviously long overdue but he
might have you might have said that a
few times to roll in and not knowing it
you know what I mean it felt like
something like oh man I'm just like real
Rona feels bad obviously his friend is
his friend is sick but that Wayne is is
kind of on a on a loop and just kind of
playing that back over and over and
heating whenever he's reminded by that
he then thinks wow I put rolling through
that as well also in 2015
Wayne reveals to roll in that he has
been talking to the ghost Familia I in
his head he's brought that up now so I
wonder we're rolling it's going with all
this because he already told him he
normally knows about the gun he talked
about it to Henry about that true so he
knows he's slipping a lot so where's
that tape where does it take us for the
finale I don't know but if they're
leading little clues with that Chekhov's
gun that something's gonna happen here
and also remember the car let's go back
now to that car right I've way it's
proven fact they was there though there
is a car there we don't know if the car
is looking forward the cars watching
they got the license plate but they got
the license plate that was a cool like a
little team up right there the old
timers is good
yeah okay so we're back in the 90s and
we saw that shot my trailer Wayne
burying something you and I knew that
this was doing something horrible yes
Amelia is actually the energy stumbles
upon it too and he's just like listen
you can't talk about this let's just
don't don't even ask me right now I
cannot get it youth if you go in the
backyard your husband's burning
something just having a good boy says yo
just let's talk about this again the
morning or something okay I mean think
about it from her perspective though
that is a terrifying sight that isn't
that's the last thing you want to see
last thing you want to see here whose
significant other burning all their
clothes outside in the middle of the
night with a look that he just you know
I just went to hell and came back man
and finally at the end
Wayne receives a phone call from mr.
Hoyt yes this was an awesome scene
because literally get outs he's
literally outside the house just like
hey man I hear you're looking for me and
you're doing some stuff she go inside
and talk to us your wife okay it just
proved how much information power
control this person in this organization
whatever is as entity has over the town
his bodyguard his mountain is is gone
and I think he can put one in two he
could put it all together at this point
what happened yeah I mean he says that
he has evidence that he could literally
go to the authorities and that Wayne
would be screwed yeah
so clearly they had some type of
surveillance on his own people
and he knows a lot more than what we
what Wayne would assume so
Wayne's in trouble that that was that
was a hairy situation like he knows
everything about your family and you
have no choice but to go with him
you may not realize this but I've been
pretty damn patient with you already
perhaps I should take my information to
the prosecutor's office or like I say
happy to talk inside yeah beyond five
before we get out of here let's do some
questions of predictions for the season
finale first of all one sweet starts
talking I'm already googling wait that
sounds so familiar in it for a variety
put it out there ready that it is in
fact Michael Roker he will be plain Hoyt
in the season finale now all I can think
is like William Hurt in a history of
violence my dear because I feel like
he's obviously gonna give us a lot of
exposition and what I mean on here and
he's gonna inform us on a lot of stuff
because there's so much that has to be
packed into this episode early a lot
he's gonna be the key here to give it
all out there before we get to the final
line of what happens at Julie and
everything else so with that said I am
so excited to see what happens here
because Michael wrote good but they
didn't show nothing
nothing on him for the other episodes
like just categories as a finale and
just the voice and final scene of this
episode come on but I'm ready now a big
question that I have is we know that
Wayne isn't killed by Hoyt but it comes
to understands like they come to some
set agreement right now is that
agreement listen to shut up or I'm gonna
kill your family probably that's
probably what it is like what it is it's
also probably gonna tell us why he
doesn't speak to Rowling for so many
years it feels like maybe he's trying to
come out of this now and go I gotta stay
away I know what happened I know the
truth and I can't say a single thing now
my question to you though is knowing
that say he should not speak anymore if
heights like drop this immediately right
why even agree to do a 2015 documentary
on the on the show what's dead at this
point you would think they got Michael
Roker unless he who knows what's gonna
happen this final episode but I'm gonna
say we met Hawaii old man Hoyt is gone
in 2015 so why not why not wait why not
just wait until Hoyt dies and
immediately just right now fixes a part
to the no no no I mean go to the
authorities and say here's the evidence
that I had I had it was ready I was
ready to you know bigger than that I
feel like the heights gonna tell him
this there's bigger layers to it than
just Hawaii I just wanna know will there
be justice though at the end of this
episode is it gonna be Chinatown or just
there's no win it's a no-win scenario no
matter what for Wayne or how are they
gonna solve this how is old man role in
Wayne
to get to the bottom my old man true
detective grumpy old men I'm assuming
Eliza is a big key here for this she
needs to have other information that
she's gonna share with him she's got
MELAS needs to be revealed
yeah also what happened with Dwayne and
his daughter Becca she just get away
from the whole situation nice does she
get a feeling of what the white things
makes me makes me feel a little queasy
because I what if he's like all right
we're gonna take what he made an exam in
an example yeah he's got to make an
example where he takes one of the kids
at that I hope that's not it but I'm
just getting the vibe here that
something's going on with Becca here
we're not getting everything until the
finale so that tells you something else
is going on with her I'm gonna do it out
you're a tough guy you'll be fine you
don't know that that'll do it for a
breakdown of episode seven but we'll be
back here next week after the season
finale let us know your predictions of
what's gonna happen in the finale in the
comments down below and make sure you're
subscribed to the channel to see you
next week guys bye bye